Hello dear viewers
our channel subscribers are my name
Igor I am an expert on plants and today
tell you about this is not quite normal
for our plant edges it is called
sakura these short 10 days when sakura
blooms the Japanese go with the whole family in the park
in order to watch this
magnificent than the phenomenon and speculate
about life which is also beautiful also
transient like cherry blossoms
surely many of you asked and what
this is sugar and what kind of plant is it
today we are in more detail
this and find out actually Sakura
this is a generic name for several
varieties of cherries though in garden literature
more common
designation sakura is superfluous
the serrate is now bred
a huge number of varieties are very
ornamental with weeping branches even
there are that hang down to the ground with
terry flowers really sakura
when this stunner blooms
when you can see almost no branches and
foliage only big ones so big
bright pink flowers here we have a garden
center
one of the varieties of sakura cherry
finely serrated mono goals
it is generally relatively small
tree up to five meters high on
grows somewhere a couple of meters wide
the branches of this cherry grow exclusively
up strictly upward directed large
large rivers have shiny leaves
here we have such a standard culture
presented flowers sometime in May
appear terry large to four
centimeters in diameter they are collected in
bunches and really gorgeous
stunner naked trunk and
The tip is so completely pink May
of the month
like basically enough
demanding soils loves fertile
soils and well moistened soils
protected sunny places
unfortunately not very resistant cultivar times
especially young when you are saplings and
buy desirable cover something
well mature trees of course with age
becomes more frost-resistant
if you buy container culture
sakura in the garden center in principle
landing time no matter April
Yes, and in summer you can even well, in principle
the best is considered earlier autumn
be sure to dig a hole so that
root neck was at the level as she
located in the container and
be sure to grumble because you still have a fight
us pine mulch for that
so that the moisture is well kept because
Sakura still love wet soil
Well, again for the winter
if you grumble you protect and
this way your root system
cherry blossoms from too much frost
Still, the root system is not very
deep
if you want in the month of May to think about
sense of life as the Japanese do here
plant in my garden in the sakura
admire and ride the game magnificent
bloom and so we learned today with you
what kind of exotic plant
satura is really like that
exotus cherry serrate learned about
which one to grow
our gardens on this i say goodbye to you
don't miss our videos
subscribe for updates on our
youtube channel